Initial Go client sample (#945)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: client/go/README.md

```

**Note** Changing the layout with `--layout NHWC` option is necessary in this example, so the model will accept binary input generated by the client. See [binary inputs](../../docs/binary_input.md) doc if you want to learn more about this feature.

## Run prediction with Go client

In order to run prediction on the model served by the OVMS using Go client run the following command:

`docker run --net=host --rm ovmsclient --serving-address localhost:9000 zebra.jpeg`

Command explained:
- `--net=host` option is required so the container with the client can access container with the model server via host network (localhost),
- `--serving-address` parameter defines the address of the model server gRPC endpoint,
- the last part in the command is a path to the image that will be send to OVMS for prediction. The image must be accessible from the inside of the container (could be mounted). Single zebra picture - `zebra.jpeg` - has been embedded in the docker image to simplify the example, so above command would work out of the box. If you wish to use other image you need to provide it to the container and change the path.

> You can also choose if the image should be sent as binary input (raw JPG or PNG bytes) or should be converted to the format accepted by OV on the client side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also choose if the image should be sent as binary input (raw JPG or PNG bytes) or should be converted on the client side to the data array accepted by the model.
```
